sv benchmark params are exposed (#34)
nf-core/variantbenchmarking: README.md

Supported SV callers: Manta, SVaba, Dragen, Delly, Lumpy ..
Available Truth samples: HG002, SEQC2

> - If you have unresolved SVs, it is recommended to use only truvari with --pctsim 0.
> 
> - The size filtration parameters provided by truvari and svbenchmark do not apply in the same way. That is why using them are not recommended through the pipeline, but in vcf normalization steps, variants can be filtering safely.
> 
> - Please not that it is not possible to use exactly the same parameters for different benchmarking methods.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have unresolved SVs, it is recommended to use only truvari with --pctsim 0.

- The size filtration parameters provided by truvari and svbenchmark do not apply in the same way. That is why using them is not recommended through the pipeline, but variants can be filtered safely in vcf normalization steps.

- Please note that it is not possible to use exactly the same parameters for different benchmarking methods.

```
